♪ Magic is real here ♪
♪ Far away from home ♪
♪ Anything can happen ♪
♪ When witches make the rules ♪
♪ Monsters are cool ♪
♪ The moon is our friend ♪
♪ I wanna stay with you ♪
♪ On Summer Camp Island ♪
Good morning, beauties.
It's time for the sacred
ritual of breakfast.
The singing of the teakettle.
The sizzling
of the cake griddle.
I won't forget you,
my cock-a-doodles.
What else would you do
on this fine morning?
Good morning,
moon face!
I wanna feel fire!
Sure, in a minute!
-Uhh, Oscar?
The chef's magic wand --
the spatula!
Ahh, Oscar!
Want a free ride?
Oscar, you told me
your dance fever was cured.
Destination?
My tum-tum.
Yum, yum.
Oscar!
Wake up!
You're perfect
for a fresh OJ-fall.
Aah! Spittle-fall!
Pbht!
That's it!
Sorry, old friend.
Ah-choo!
I'm up!
Oh,
good morning, Oscar!
Did you have
the dream again?
Mm-hmm! I think it's time
to try it for real.
Ah the sacred ritual of --
Aah!
The singing of -- Aah!
The sizzling
of the cake griddle.
I won't forget you,
my cock-a-doodles.
Aah!
Hey, Osca-- Oh!
You had the dream
again, huh?
I just want to do it once
in real life while I'm awake.
Is that fool's folly?
Am I fool?
Oscar, you can't perform
an elaborate celebration
of food and dance with a hot
plate in this little kitchen!
It's like trying to compose
an opera with a kazoo.
Wait. In my dream,
I'm always in
the monsters' kitchen.
Perfect!
I bet they'll let us borrow
their kitchen for a little.
♪ The monsters' kitchen
is what I'm missin' ♪
♪ I got this itchin',
and I'm sure wishin' ♪
Oh! Perfect.
They're not even using it.
Hi, guys!
Can we use your kitchen?
Fine by me!
We're goin' pine needle skiin'.
Just check with Melvin.
Okie dokie.
Break a leg!
Oh! Sorry.
That means "good luck."
Only in the arts,
Hedgehog! Geez!
In athletics, "break a leg"
just means what it says.
Oh, crabapples!
Sorry.
Uhm...have fun
out there, guys!
Uh-huh.
Melvin?
Hey, guys!
Good to see you.
Can I use your
kitchen today?
I'd like to make
breakfast.
I just cleaned it.
We'll clean it up after.
Come here.
You see that sheen
on the counters?
You see that grout?
Sheeny!
It looks great, Melvin --
You're sure you can
get it this clean?
If you don't, I'll have
to re-clean it again.
Which would mean my kitchen
took three showers in one day.
Two showers, fine.
But three?
That's just nuts!
Melvin, you wouldn't have to
re-clean our clean.
We're great cleaners.
Right, Oscar?
What if we cleaned something
as, like, a test clean,
to show you
that we can do it?
Then can we use
your kitchen?
Mm, fine.
Mwah!
Get that filthy booger hand
off me, please.
Wait. Are we cleaning
the motorcycle, too?
No.
That's Howard's.
You're fun.
Okay. All done.
Hmm. Looks good.
But...
my sidecar was already
perfectly clean.
I now realize this wasn't
a good test item.
What do I do here?
Do I let my dream go?
Do you want
to let your dream go?
I don't want
to let my dream go.
I really don't.
We're doing this breakfast.
Melvin, listen.
We'll clean the dirtiest place
you can think of.
Hmm. Lemme muse on it.
Huh?
Ah-ah-ugh!
Ahhhhhh!
Ugh!
Ohh. Oww.
Ooh. Ah. Ow. It hurts!
I think I broke my leg!
The spell!
Hedgehog!
Don't move.
I'm gonna go get help!
Ahhh!
Ugh!
Hedgehog!
Ski Patrol!
I heard two people
yell "Hedgehog!"
What is that, a new swear?
No.
Aww.
Hedgehog is a camper.
And a baby witch.
And the source of all
these accidents!
Can you describe
how you broke your leg
for our report?
Well --
Wait! I can show you!
She got her ski caught
in the chair-lift like this.
Oh, ohh!
Ugh!
Ahh, Hedgehog!
Margot!
I'll help you!
Oh! Ahh!
We're four for four.
Nobody move.
Geez, what's gotten
into you guys?
Or, maybe, what hasn't
gotten into you?
Did you guys forget
to eat breakfast or something?
Oh!
We totally forgot!
Melvin was cleaning the kitchen,
and he says we breathe
too hard on the counters.
We were gonna eat after
but we just wanted
to get to the slopes.
Well,
that's your problem.
For some, breakfast
is a sacred ritual.
For others, it is the most
important meal of the day.
Everyone, get on.
We'll take you home.
What are you looking at,
Howard?
Uh...
Come on, Howard.
No, Howard!
I'm just gonna...
kick that soccer ball.
No, Howard!
Howard,
can you seriously not?
-No, Howard!
-Howard!
-No! Howard!
Ugh!
Melvin, no.
That's the whole point.
You can't wash a cast-iron pan
with soap.
You just can't!
You've asked to clean
our place before.
Now you're trying to get
the kids in on it?
It's disgraceful.
It's not for me.
It's for them.
They have to prove
themselves.
Melvin, no one needs
to prove anything to anyone.
We think you're great, okay?
You're already pure.
You're already perfect.
Get your dirty pan hand
off me. Ugh!
Wow, Mel, we didn't know
you had such a reputation.
Yeah, ya clean fiend.
What else don't we know
about you?
Ahh, that guy.
Okay. Hedgehog,
you say you can clean.
You wouldn't have gone
through all this trouble
had you been lying.
My compromise is,
Oscar makes breakfast,
Hedgehog cleans
as he goes.
Totally.
We can do that.
Oh, boy,
I don't wanna watch.
Just call me
when it's over.
Oscar?
Okay.
This is how it starts.
Ah, the sacred ritual
of breakfast.
The singing of the --
Whoops!
Ohh.
Don't worry, Oscar.
You'll cook,
and I'll clean.
Thanks, Hedgehog.
Want a free ride?
Forget it.
It's not the kitchen.
It's me.
I'm just not the chef
of my dreams.
Well, why not?
I mean,
what's the difference
between the dream you
and the awake you?
About 20 pounds
of lean muscle,
legs for days,
softer hair.
Well, why don't you go
into your dreams
and find out
what's missing?
I'll just do
the "boop boop" spell.
Hedgehog, I don't speak
elitist witch terminology.
It's a sleep spell.
Ooh.
Ready?
Whisper in your ear.
Now fold them right here.
Now boop you on the nose.
Sleep until I boop you
on the toes.
Nice try, but I'm never
gonna fall asl--
It's time for the sacred
ritual of breakfast.
The singing of the teakettle.
The sizzling of
the cake griddle.
I'm in my dream!
Hedgehog's spell worked.
There's me looking rugged
and outdoorsy, as usual.
And there's Hedgehog
in the cabinet,
cheering me on, as usual.
I love you!
There's the dream bowl,
and the dream pan
who loves fire dearly.
Huh?
What am I looking at?
Someone's there.
Oh. Have you guys been there
the whole time?
Uh-huh.
That explains it!
Dream me is cooking for a group.
Five by my count.
I've figured it out!
Boop me, Hedgehog! Boop me!
Boop.
So, how was it?
Five droopy,
hungry guests!
Uh, what?
Oh, sorry.
I'm making breakfast
for a group of five.
That's what's missing.
Hmm. But it's almost
dinnertime.
Where are we gonna find
five people...
...that want breakfast?
Hedgehog,
your curse...
Oh, no!
...had nothing to do
with this, so don't worry!
We couldn't focus because
we didn't have breakfast
this morning.
We're starving!
Breakfast a la Oscar,
coming right up!
Whoo-hoo!
Yeah!
Go, Oscar!
Choo-choo!
The croissant express
comin' through!
Hooo!
Bon appétit.
-Whoo!
-We're starving!
You all done?
How's my kitchen?
Oh, no!
I was so impressed with Oscar
that I forgot to clean up!
I messed it up.
Hold on.
Full disclosure --
today has been
full of disgusting things.
I've been dying to use a mop
since that grease den.
Ah the sacred ritual
of cleaning.
The splashing of the wet mop.
The swooshing
of the sponge skate.
Oh-ho-ho-ho!
What else would you do
on this fine evening
but cleaning?
Get that filthy booger hand
off me, please.